fish_color_autosuggestion bcbcbc
fish_color_cancel normal
fish_color_command ffffff
fish_color_comment 6c6c6c
fish_color_cwd 008000
fish_color_cwd_root 800000
fish_color_end 00d700
fish_color_error ff005f
fish_color_escape 00a6b2
fish_color_history_current normal
fish_color_host normal
fish_color_host_remote yellow
fish_color_match normal
fish_color_normal normal
fish_color_operator 00a6b2
fish_color_param ff87ff
fish_color_quote ffaf00
fish_color_redirection 00ffd7
fish_color_search_match ffff00
fish_color_selection c0c0c0
fish_color_status red
fish_color_user 00ff00
fish_color_valid_path normal
